Mr. Xu and his younger brother have just offended
If you need any help in the future, just say
Mr. Xu, I am a straight person
Talk big or small
I'm here to apologize to you.
I hope our two companies will cooperate more.
Okay, got it all.
No chance to cooperate in the future
Xiao Xu, this is also part of my network
If you need anything in the future, just tell them.
Do you still have this medicine, big brother?
My medicine will work on one.
The medicine is very effective, don't worry.
You haven't seen Xu Tao.
That smug look today
I really want to crush him with one hand
Step on your feet
Maybe you can try Miss Lin's
Mengqi, I'm here to apologize to you today.
I did something sorry to you before apologizing.
I also justifiably hurt you
I deserve to die
You came here to apologize
I'm so tired of taking time out of your busy schedule
Mouch, our engagement has not been annulled
Including your parents
My parents won't agree to cancel either.
I will talk to the elders.
They already told me.
Let's go to the wedding tomorrow
Mengqi
You are with Xu Tao to anger me, right?
You will not misunderstand your heart
What are you talking about with your nephew and aunt?